Petal 1:
While working at Wendy’s I’ve learned Communication skills, Currency and credit card transactions, Customer service, Team work, Multi-tasking, Handling fast pace environment. What I’ve learned outside of work Is time management, organization skills and stress management. Career fields and industries I find interesting is tech medical and gaming. 
Petal 2:
The people I prefer to work would be people that are open minded and creative. Also who are passionate and who are team players. I want to team up with people who come prepared and ready to get to work but also have a sense of humor. I work well with mostly everyone.
Petal 3:
My favorite transferrable skill would be innovating, driving, handling, operating, negotiating, coordinating, copying and comparing. Out of the ones I chose I am able to handle, coordinate and operate. The ones I love to do would be to innovate, drive and negotiate. 
Petal 4:
MY ideal working conditions would be a nice building with enough space to fit my team. It also has windows with a beautiful view of a park or overlooking the water. It would be somewhere high and would have conference rooms for ideas and meetings. Mostly it has to be a place that’s nice and fun to work at.
Petal 5:
My salary range would be from 75k to over a hundred thousand and beyond. A reasonable yearly for me would be 80k. I prefer to be evaluated on individual performance because I would want to see what am good at and areas I need to work on. I would not desire a leadership role because I feel don’t have enough experience to lead a work force.
Petal 6:
I would want to live in an urban place but that also close enough to the country side so I can drive there on the weekends to relax. I would want to stay in NYC for a couple more years just to experience more of the fast paced life. I do want to relocate to Seattle, Washington because I always wanted to live on the west coast but not in areas where it’s too hot like California. I would prefer living out of the city because it would more peaceful and quiet. I also would like to live in various parts in the UK, the Netherlands, and live in all the countries of Scandinavia.
Petal 7:
My purpose in life is understanding the needs of wants of the human experience. I want to integrate technology, science, wisdom, and traditions, with the goal to further expand the human race and promote flourishing.



Hello my name is Khris Kovoor. I am from Staten Island, New York. I moved to Staten Island when I was sixteen years old. I was born in Queens and was raised in New Hyde Park, Long Island before I moved to Staten Island. My parents moved here from South India to start a new life and for better opportunities in America. Living in Staten Island is like living in the suburbs even though it’s part of New York city. Its peaceful, quiet and people are kind. It’s less fast paced unlike the city. Barely any traffic compared to driving in the city, which is ridiculous because there are so many cars on the road that it causes so much traffic to get anywhere. While in Staten Island I went Susan E. Wagner High School. During my fours attending Wagner I learned to play guitar, read classic novels, studied about global and US history and much more. Science was my best subject. I studied living environment, chemistry, earth science and the science behind forensics. During my years in high school I started developing a love for computers. I have always been amazed at the way the technology progresses, changes, and advances. I desire to learn as much as I can about technology to stay current. I also want to build something worthwhile and that will make peoples task easier. When graduated for high school I applied to College of Staten Island which offered a computer science degree. I wanted to be part of that program but all the classes were filled. I decided to take elective class for a semester after 2 years of attending I realized that college wasn’t for me. I wanted to go to a school for coding but it was expensive. I decided to get a job and save up to go to school. I applied for Wendy’s and the next day got an interview. I got the job and have been working there since. Wendy’s teaches a lot of work skills that will help build a career. I’ve learned communication skills, customer service, team work, multi-tasking, and handling fast pace environment. It has given me skills that are useful in any kind of jobs. Since attending Rutgers Bootcamp I’ve learned a great deal of HTML, CSS, JAVASCRIPT, JQUERY, and learning more. I want to use the skills I learned and apply it to a career in IT or app development. My hobbies include, playing sport with friends such as basketball, football, and extreme Frisbee. I also like to cook and binge watch good TV series on Netflix. 
